README.md, before:

# 🎮 CS50 AI Projects

This repository contains all the projects I've completed as part of the 
**CS50 Artificial Intelligence (AI)** course by Harvard University. 
The course is part of the **CS50** series, and it covers various AI topics, 
including search algorithms, machine learning, and neural networks.

## Projects List
### 1️⃣ **Project 1: [Degrees]**
   - **Description**: The project is based on the "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" game, where we attempt to connect two actors through movies. For example, if we are given two actors,
   - the program will find the shortest path of movies that connect them. Each path is represented by a sequence of movies where two actors starred together.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Search problem
   - **Code**: [Project 1 Folder Link](./degrees)

### 2️⃣ **Project 2: [TicTacToe]**
   - **Description**: This is a TicTacToe game against the implemented AI. This project search for the optimal move by considering every scenario after each move. Please try but you'll NEVER win 😁
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Search problem
   - **Code**: [Project 2 Folder Link](./tictactoe)

### 3️⃣ **Project 3: [Minesweeper]**
   - **Description**: This is a Minesweeper game. The goal is to know where all the bombs are ubicated. You can either play by yourself or ask the AI to make a move.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Knowledge problem
   - **Code**: [Project 3 Folder Link](./minesweeper)

### 3️⃣ **Project 4: [Knights or Knaves]**
   - **Description**: The AI of this project must determing weather a player is a knight(always say the thuth) or a knave (always lies) by the sentences they say.
   - **Technologies Used**: Pyton
   - **AI Skill**: Knowledge problem
   - **Code**: [Project 4 Folder Link](./knights)

## 💻 About the Course

The **CS50 AI** course provides an introduction to artificial intelligence and its applications. It teaches foundational AI 
concepts through hands-on projects, including search algorithms, optimization, machine learning, and neural networks. 
The course offers a comprehensive overview of how AI can be applied in real-world scenarios.

## License

This repository is for educational purposes only and follows the course's terms and conditions. Please feel free to fork or clone it for 
your own learning but don't use it for commercial purposes.

## 📣 Contact

If you have any questions or comments, feel free to reach out to me or create an issue in this repository.

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	new file:   heredity/data/family0.csv 	new file:   heredity/data/family1.csv 	new file:   heredity/data/family2.csv 	new file:   heredity/heredity.py

README.md, after:

# 🎮 CS50 AI Projects

This repository contains all the projects I've completed as part of the 
**CS50 Artificial Intelligence (AI)** course by Harvard University. 
The course is part of the **CS50** series, and it covers various AI topics, 
including search algorithms, machine learning, and neural networks.

## Projects List
### 1️⃣ **Project 1: [Degrees]**
   - **Description**: The project is based on the "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" game, where we attempt to connect two actors through movies. For example, if we are given two actors,
   - the program will find the shortest path of movies that connect them. Each path is represented by a sequence of movies where two actors starred together.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Search problem
   - **Code**: [Project 1 Folder Link](./degrees)

### 2️⃣ **Project 2: [TicTacToe]**
   - **Description**: This is a TicTacToe game against the implemented AI. This project search for the optimal move by considering every scenario after each move. Please try but you'll NEVER win 😁
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Search problem
   - **Code**: [Project 2 Folder Link](./tictactoe)

### 3️⃣ **Project 3: [Minesweeper]**
   - **Description**: This is a Minesweeper game. The goal is to know where all the bombs are ubicated. You can either play by yourself or ask the AI to make a move.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Knowledge problem
   - **Code**: [Project 3 Folder Link](./minesweeper)

### 3️⃣ **Project 4: [Knights or Knaves]**
   - **Description**: The AI of this project must determing weather a player is a knight(always say the thuth) or a knave (always lies) by the sentences they say.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Knowledge problem
   - **Code**: [Project 4 Folder Link](./knights)

### 3️⃣ **Project 5: [PageRank]**
   - **Description**: This is a Ai that determines the ponderate relation between diferent elements. This system is used is web seraches such as Google.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Bayesian Network problem
   - **Code**: [Project 4 Folder Link](./pagerank)

### 3️⃣ **Project 6: [Heredity]**
   - **Description**: This is a Ai that determines weather a genetic trait is passed to a child by it's parents and the probabilty of it.
   - **Technologies Used**: Python
   - **AI Skill**: Bayesian Network problem
   - **Code**: [Project 4 Folder Link](./heredity)

## 💻 About the Course

The **CS50 AI** course provides an introduction to artificial intelligence and its applications. It teaches foundational AI 
concepts through hands-on projects, including search algorithms, optimization, machine learning, and neural networks. 
The course offers a comprehensive overview of how AI can be applied in real-world scenarios.

## License

This repository is for educational purposes only and follows the course's terms and conditions. Please feel free to fork or clone it for 
your own learning but don't use it for commercial purposes.

## 📣 Contact

If you have any questions or comments, feel free to reach out to me or create an issue in this repository.
